c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\obj\Debug\BoilerPlate.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\BoilerPlate.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\BoilerPlate.pdb
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Autofac.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\BoilerPlate.Core.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\BoilerPlate.Data.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\BoilerPlate.Repository.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\BoilerPlate.Service.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Library.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Owin.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\LinqKit.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\BoilerPlate.Core.pdb
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\BoilerPlate.Data.pdb
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\BoilerPlate.Repository.pdb
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\BoilerPlate.Service.pdb
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Library.pdb
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Autofac.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Autofac.Integration.WebApi.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.Http.Cors.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.Http.Owin.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\bin\LinqKit.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\obj\Debug\BoilerPlate.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\obj\Debug\BoilerPlate.pdb
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\obj\Debug\BoilerPlate.Migrations._new.resources
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate\obj\Debug\BoilerPlate.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
