c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\BoilerPlate.Service.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\BoilerPlate.Service.pdb
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\BoilerPlate.Core.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\BoilerPlate.Core.pdb
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\obj\Debug\BoilerPlate.Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\obj\Debug\BoilerPlate.Service.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\obj\Debug\BoilerPlate.Service.pdb
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\BoilerPlate.Data.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\BoilerPlate.Repository.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\Library.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\LinqKit.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\BoilerPlate.Data.pdb
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\BoilerPlate.Repository.pdb
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\Library.pdb
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\BoilerPlate.Service\bin\Debug\LinqKit.xml
