c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\Library.dll.config
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\Library.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\Library.pdb
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\LinqKit.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\LinqKit.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\obj\Debug\Library.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\obj\Debug\Library.dll
c:\Users\Fehintola\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\BoilerPlate\Library\obj\Debug\Library.pdb
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\Library.dll.config
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\Library.dll
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\Library.pdb
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\Autofac.dll
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\LinqKit.dll
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\Autofac.xml
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\Autofac.Integration.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\LinqKit.xml
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\obj\Debug\Library.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\obj\Debug\Library.dll
C:\Users\SilverEdgeProjects-O\aspNetProj\boilerplate\Library\obj\Debug\Library.pdb
